[docs] typo on Config Plugins (#19045)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/config-plugins.md

### Setting up a playground environment

> You can develop plugins easily using JS, but if you want to setup Jest tests and use TypeScript, you're going to want a monorepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can develop plugins easily using JS, but if you want to setup Jest tests and use TypeScript, you will want a monorepo.
```

Great catch! Thanks! Just to be more efficient, I changed the wording a bit.
